[UPDATE] Observers [merge upon release] (#447)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/why-wasabi/10Commandments.md

## 4. Practice good labeling AND try to never reuse addresses

> Each time you receive coins, you will be asked to create a label with the involved parties of the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each time you generate addresses to receive coins or you send transactions that generate change coins, you must label the addresses with the involved parties.
```

Author: ```suggestion
Each time you generate an addresses to receive coins or you send a transactions that generates change coins, you must label the addresses with the involved parties of this transaction.
```

> Each time you generate an addresses to receive coins or you send a transactions that generates change coins, you must label the addresses with the involved parties of this transaction.

Author: ```suggestion
Each time you generate an addresses to receive coins or you send a transactions that generates change coins, you must label the addresses with the observers of this transaction.
```
